Welcome back, everyone so, [COUGH] In
the previous section, I mean, so far we've
mastered Redux, we're done, we know
everything there is to know about Redux.
We hooked it up to a react application,
a very simple react application
using the hooks API, and now we
are going to look at how to use Connect.
Connect definitely predates hooks and so
far that hooks have not always
been around in react so
they couldn't have always been around
in react Redux by just that logic.
There are trade offs between the two,
hooks are definitely a very simple
API that's very easy to use.
As you can see, it didn't take a lot of
particularly new knowledge to hook up
a Redux store to our react application.
There are some drawbacks to hooks
as well though, which is You know,
I think one of the concerns and some of
the criticism of hooks sometimes is like
a separation of concerns, right, like that
component is hooking into a Redux store.
So like if you wanted to unit test it or
drop it into storybook, a little bit
difficult without bringing all of your
Redux store along with it, right?
If it had any other side effects or use
effect, they're going to fire no matter
what, with the Connect API,
it's just a different set of trade offs.
And I would also posit that you
don't have to exclusively use one or
the other, you can kind of make
the decision and trade off but
there's not necessarily a right or
wrong answer.
Connect API wraps, regular presentational
components presentational components
are basically react components with no
sense of state management whatsoever.
They take props, they do things right,
they're effectively in a lot of ways,
they can be class based or functional,
but they're effectively not
dissimilar from pure functions.
They don't do anything and
don't have any side effects on their own,
the Connect API lets you take
presentational components,
wrap it in a high order component
that passes in whatever state and
whatever actions action creators or that
the component needs into the component,
which means you can kind of
separate the two very easily.
You want to drop the presentational
component into storybook and
just pass in some mock data and
some mock actions.
Very easy to do, you want to pull
it up in your test suite and
unit test it super easy as well.
Some of the drawbacks are, the act of
wrapping components into a hierarchy
component will add extra noise to your dev
tools because there'll be these kind of
invisible components, wrapping each and
every one of these static typing
hierarchic components
can is not impossible.
But it can be a little bit trickier versus
a hook, which takes an argument and
returns an argument much
easier to static type.
So really what it comes down to is one,
how old is your code base,
because you might have a whole bunch of
Connect API components in there as well.
Do you know if you're working very closely
with a design team that needs a bunch of
storybook or something along those lines
or your unit testing everything maybe
having a higher order components
is more important for you.
But if about ease of development and
like what is the kind of like Less least
amount of code you can possibly write well
hooks are beneficial static typing is
easier with hooks, so on and so forth.
We use both at various points and it is
kind of on a case by case trade off, so
we're going to look at both and then you
can feel informed to kind of use use
whichever one fits the problem you're
trying to solve at that given moment.
So, if we look on my screen right now,
I've got the beginnings of a,
just a quick little app that takes
a bunch of menu items subtotals and
figures out what the tip is,
so on and so forth.
Right now, it doesn't do much we are going
to get it wired up using the connect API,
and there's a bunch of moving pieces here
because there's different ways that you
can use it.
And so we've got a chance to kind of kick
the tires on all the different ways to use
the connect API.
So it's less about, I copied code from
one part of the code base tweak some
things and it works to actually like,
just like we did with redox,
I understand how this works.
And now I can see what is going on
cuz there's different syntaxes, and
stuff along those lines.
This is our application,
we can flip over to the code,
I've got a store in here, and
we've got to reduce it but
right now it doesn't really
do much of anything.
And some actions which is just an empty
file, we've also got a series of
components all of them don't have any real
estate management to them whatsoever.
Right now there are some hard coded
items that will remove momentarily but
the rest of them just take props and
they render some no JSX right.
Which will eventually get rendered as
they shim out, what we're gonna do is
take the different pieces that have
some state management requirements, and
we're gonna wrap them in these higher
order components that will either pass in
state from our Redux store, or
pass in functions are going to dispatch
actions to update the Redux store.
And we'll just kind of wrap the existing
components and sometimes swap them out.
There's a lot of ways to name the
different components you can see sometimes
you might make the wrapped
component called menu item,
container connected menu item.
So on and so forth, it's really just
matters about consistency In a larger
application, how you lay it
out might change as well.
A lot of times what we'll do is for
every component will have a folder, and
in that folder we'll have
the presentational component,
as well as the container component.
This application isn't necessarily big
enough that will just add more confusion
than anything else, but how you choose to
lay it out, it's kind of up to you and
there's a lot of thoughts on this.
It's just say that there's no one right
answer probably isn't isn't true, but
there's no like hard and fast rule for
how you have to lay out a component.